New WebView2 debug doc (#678)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/howto/debug.md

---
description: How to Debug WebView2
title: Debugging WebView2
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.date: 05/19/2020
ms.topic: how-to
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.technology: webview
keywords: IWebView2, IWebView2WebView, webview2, webview, win32 apps, win32, edge, ICoreWebView2, ICoreWebView2Host, browser control, edge html
---

# How to Debug when Developing with WebView2  

The goal of the Microsoft Edge WebView2 control is to combine the best of web and native both in terms of functionality and in terms of developer tooling.  The following are different tools you may take advantage of when developing with WebView2.  

## Microsoft Edge DevTools  

### DevTools  

Use [Microsoft Edge (Chromium) Developer Tools](/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium) to debug web content displayed in WebView, in the same way as Microsoft Edge.  Focus on the WebView window, press `F12`, or press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I`, or right-click and select `Inspect` to open Developer Tools.  

:::image type="complex" source="../media/f12.PNG" alt-text="F12":::
   F12

> :::image-end:::

Reviewer: Updated.

> [!NOTE]
When you debug your application in Visual Studio with the native debugger attached, pressing `F12` may trigger the native debugger instead of Developer Tools.  Use `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I`, or right-click and select `Inspect` to avoid potential hotkey conflict.  

### Visual Studio  

> Use the script debugger in Visual Studio 2019 version 16.4 Preview 2 or later to debug your script within WebView2 right from the IDE.  Make sure the **JavaScript diagnostics** component in **Desktop development with C++** workload is installed.  

Reviewer: Updated

:::image type="complex" source="../media/vs-js-diagnostics.jpg" alt-text="Visual Studio JavaScript diagnostics":::
   Visual Studio JavaScript diagnostics

> :::image-end:::

Reviewer: Added note inline.

Right click on your project and select **Properties**.  Under **Configuration Properties**, select **Debugging** > **Debugger Type**, and select the **JavaScript (WebView2)** option to enable WebView2 script debugging.  <!--More details to follow soon.  -->  

:::image type="complex" source="../media/vs-script-debugger.jpg" alt-text="Visual Studio JavaScript Debugger":::
   Visual Studio JavaScript Debugger

> :::image-end:::

Reviewer: Added note inline.

### Visual Studio Code  

> Use Visual Studio Code to debug your script within the WebView2 right from the IDE.  For more details, see [Microsoft Edge(Chromium) WebView Application](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-edge-debug2/blob/master/README.md#microsoft-edge-chromium-webview-applications) section of README on GitHub.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You may use Visual Studio Code to debug scripts that run in WebView2 controls.  For more information, see [Microsoft Edge (Chromium) WebView Applications](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-edge-debug2/blob/master/README.md#microsoft-edge-chromium-webview-applications).  
```

> ## Getting in tough with the Microsoft Edge WebView team  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Getting in touch with the Microsoft Edge WebView team  
```

> Help build a richer WebView2 experience by sharing your feedback!  Visit the [feedback repo](https://aka.ms/webviewfeedback) to submit feature requests or bug reports.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Help build a richer WebView2 experience by sharing your feedback.  Visit the [feedback repo](https://aka.ms/webviewfeedback) to submit feature requests or bug reports.  
```

> ## See also

Reviewer 2: Please add a couple of links. Thanks.

Reviewer: Added note inline.
